GH-8583: Add Java & DSL samples into docs (#8608)
spring-projects/spring-integration: src/reference/asciidoc/filter.adoc

----
====

[[filter-dsl]]

> ==== Configuring a Filter with Java, Groovy and Kotlin DSL
> 
> The `IntegrationFlowBuilder` from Java DSL (used also as a base in Groovy and Kotlin DSL) provides a number of overloaded methods for `filter()` operator.
> The mentioned above `MessageSelector` abstraction can be used as a Lambda in a `filter()` definition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Configuring a Filter with Java, Groovy and Kotlin DSLs

The `IntegrationFlowBuilder` provided by the Java DSL (which is also used as a base for the Groovy and Kotlin DSLs) provides a number of overloaded methods for the `filter()` operator.
The `MessageSelector` abstraction mentioned above can be used as a Lambda in a `filter()` definition:
```

====
[source, java, role="primary"]
.Java DSL
----
@Bean
public IntegrationFlow someFlow() {
    return f -> f
              .<String>filter((payload) -> !"junk".equals(payload));
}
----
[source, kotlin, role="secondary"]
.Kotlin DSL
----
@Bean
fun someFlow() =
    integrationFlow {
        filter<String> { it != "junk" }
    }
----
[source, groovy, role="secondary"]
.Groovy DSL
----
@Bean
someFlow() {
    integrationFlow {
        filter String, { it != 'junk' }
    }
}
----
====

> See more information about Java, Kotlin and Groovy DSL in the respective chapters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See more information about Java, Kotlin and Groovy DSLs in the respective chapters.
```

Add links to those chapters?
